hi there we're going to prepare
Caribbean rice using pure foods premium
cold cuts spiced ham so here are the
ingredients we have here some are green
some chopped red onions you have here
some chopped red bell peppers some
ginger some green piece of course our
spiced ham some curry powder some
cassava of course some cooked rice and
of course for garnish some fried sabab
bananas so let's start cooking so first
we're going to add in our Marguerite so
let's melt this in our pan okay so once
the margarine is melted you can add in
our red onions and our ginger
so we're going to City both vegetables
until it's fragrant and aromatic
so once these are softened and become
aromatic we can add in our red bell
peppers and our green piece alright
let's add in our spiced ham
okay then I'm going to add in some curry
powder and our custom hot flakes all
right finally you can add in our cooked
rice
and we're simply going to toss
everything together
and make sure that all the colors and
the flavors combine with the rice
okay I'm going to add in some salt
some freshly cracked black pepper
and it will mix us all up
all right we'll turn up the fire and
we're ready to play okay and lastly
we're going to top our rice with some
fried banana soba
okay how good is that there you have it
Caribbean rice
you